NAS-103399 Update docs for new repeat vdev functionality (#1587)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

After selecting disks, click the right arrow to add them
to the :guilabel:`Data VDevs` section. The usable space of each disk in

> a pool is limited to the size of the smallest disk in the vdev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a vdev is limited to the size of the smallest disk in the vdev.
```

Additional data vdevs must have the same configuration as the initial
vdev.

Any disks that appear in :guilabel:`Data VDevs` are used to create the
pool. To remove a disk from that section, select the disk and click the
left arrow to return it to the :guilabel:`Available Disks` section.

> To add multiple :guilabel:`Data VDevs`, click :guilabel:`REPEAT`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding one data vdev, additional data vdevs can be added with :guilabel:`REPEAT`.
```
